chapter 10 woe unto them that decree
unrighteous decrees and that right
Grievous which they have prescribed to
turn aside the needy from judgment and
to take away the right from the poor of
my people that widows may be their prey
and that they may rob the fatherless and
what will ye do in the day of visitation
and in the desolation which shall come
from afar to whom will you flee for help
and where will ye leave your glory
without me they shall bow down under the
prisoners and they shall fall under the
slain for all this his anger has not
turned away but his hand is stretched
out over Sirian the rod of mine anger
and the staff in their hand is mine
indignation I will send him against and
hypocritical nation and against the
people of my wrath will I give him a
charge to take this spoil and to take
the prey and to tread them down like the
mire of the streets
I'll be at he meaneth not so now the
death his heart thinks so but it is in
his heart to destroy and cut off Nations
not a few for he saith are not my
Prince's altogether Kings is not kaol
know as karkemish
is not hema as our pod is not Samaria as
Damascus as my hand have found the
kingdoms of the idols and whose graven
images did excel them of Jerusalem and
of Samaria shall I not as I have done
unto Samaria and her idols so do to
Jerusalem and her idols wherefore it
shall come to pass that when the lord
hath performed his whole work upon Mount
Zion and on Jerusalem I will punish the
fruit of the stout heart of the king of
Assyria and the glory of his high looks
for he saith by the strength of my hand
I have done it and by my wisdom for I
imprudent and I have removed the bounds
of the people and have robbed their
treasures and I have put down the
inhabitants like a valiant man and my
hand has found as a nest the riches of
the people and as one gathered eggs that
are left have I gathered all the earth
and there was none that moved the wing
or open the mouth or peeped shall the
axe boast itself against him that he was
there with or shall the saw magnify
itself against him that shake of it as
if the rod should shake itself against
them that lifted up or as if the staff
should lift up itself as if it were no
wood therefore shall the Lord the Lord
of hosts sent among his
that one's leanness and under his glory
he shall Kindle a burning like the
burning of a fire and the light of
Israel shall be for a fire and his Holy
One for a flame and it shall burn and
devour his thorns and his briars in one
day and shall consume the glory of his
forest and have his fruitful field both
soul and body and they shall be as when
a standard-bearer fainteth and the rest
of the trees of his forest shall be few
that a child may write them and it shall
come to pass in that day that the
remnant of Israel and such as are
escaped to the house of Jacob shall no
more again stay upon him let's smoke
them but shall stay upon the Lord the
Holy One of Israel in truth the remnant
shall return even the remnant of jacob
under the mighty god for though thy
people Israel be as the sand of the sea
yet a remnant of them shall return the
consumption decreed shall overflow with
righteousness for the Lord God of hosts
shall make a consumption even determined
in the midst of all the land therefore
thus saith the Lord God of hosts all my
people that dwellest in Zion be not
afraid of the Assyrian he shall smite
thee with a rod and shall lift up his
staff against thee after the manner of
Egypt for yet a very little while and
the indignation shall cease and mine
anger in their destruction and the Lord
of Hosts shall stir up a scourge for him
according to the slaughter of Midian at
the rock of horeb and as his rod was
upon the sea so shall he lifted up after
the manner of Egypt and it shall come to
pass in that day that his burden shall
be taken away from off thy shoulder and
his yoke from off thy neck and the yoke
shall be destroyed because of the
anointing he has come to iith he is
passed to me grown at McMath laid up his
carriages they are gone over the passage
they have taken up their lodging at
gibbehh Rama is afraid Gibeah of soul is
fled lift up my voice or daughter of
galleon caused it to be heard unto lash
all poor on earth oath madmen ax is
removed the inhabitants of gaben gather
themselves to flee as yet shall he
remain at node that day he shall shake
his hand against the mount of the
daughter of Zion the hill of Jerusalem
behold the Lord the Lord of Hosts shall
lop the bow with terror and the high
ones of stature shall be hewn down and
the haughty shall be humbled and he
shall cut down the thickets and the
forests with iron
and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one